# Changelog for Highcharts v2.2.4 (2012-05-31)
        
- Added paging for the legend. Added [legend.navigation](/ref/#legend-navigation) options set.
- Added [tooltip.positioner](/ref/#tooltip-positioner) option.
- Refactored major parts of Highcharts by splitting the Chart object into separate prototypes. This eases extendability as the objects are available from the outside, and individual methods and properties can be overridden.
- Worked around issue with overlapping shadows on stacked columns. Shadow elements are now cut off.
- Made the tooltip follow the mouse position for shared tooltips with more than 1 series. This fixes problems with the tooltip being rendered close to the top series (or alternatively in another computed middle position) when the user is actually hovering another series. #424.
- Worked around compatibility issue with jQuery 1.8 preview.
- Removed warnings on accessing layerX and layerY in Chrome.
- Added time-aware xDateFormat for tooltip headers in datetime axes. Added tooltip.dateTimeLabelFormat option. #568.

## Bug fixes
- Fix bug that removed all win.resize handlers. #982.
- Fixed issue with X axis labels becoming left aligned instead of centered in IE8 on an axis with many labels. #983.
- Fixed problem with unwanted chart border when printing in Chrome. #980.
- Fixed unresponsive browser in IE8 Standards when exporting pie charts with data labels. #968.
- Fixed issue with xAxis label formats not landing on whole days when using local time. #950.
- Fixed issue with tooltips not displaying over pie charts positioned outside plot area. #68. #956.
- Fixed JS error in Firefox on destroying chart with data labels using MooTools adapter. #958.
- Fixed issue with black background in data labels in legacy IE and MooTools adapter. #947.
- Fixed excessive looping in setTooltipPoints in certain conditions involving hidden series. #945.