# Changelog for Highcharts v2.2.5 (2012-06-08)
        
- Removed double clipping assignment in development branch, and subsequent JS error on Series.remove in legacy IE. 1027.
- Reverted fix for #904 where a line with lineWidth of 0 became visible in hover state. 1016.
- Added legend.maxHeight option for paging.
- Added tooltip formatting options: percentageDecimals, percentagePrefix, percentageSuffix, totalDecimals, totalPrefix, totalSuffix. 864.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed Android 2 compatibility problem. 1034.
- Fixed issue with legend text not wrapping correctly to itemStyle.width option ion IE8. 1021.
- Fixed broken minRange after the #878 fix.
- Fixed issue with chart title and subtitle responding too late to chart resize. 1012.
- Fixed JS error on quickly changing range selection in Highstock in column charts. 1004.
- Fixed issue with clipping of legend after resize to a greater width. 1001.
- Fixed issue with size detection of rotated text in exported charts legacy IE. 997.
- Fixed issue with original mouse event information not being passed over to legendItemClick handler. Added it to event.browserEvent. 4. 992.
- Fixed issue with the series.pointRange option not affecting the width of columns.
- Fixed issue with error #10 appearing on a chart with all null data if yAxis.min was set.
- Fixed issue when colorByPoint was set to true, it started from the second item in the color array, whereas the first one was assigned to the whole series. 974.
- Fixed JS error on setting categories with fewer items before the chart was redrawn. 970.