# Changelog for Highcharts v2.3.3 (2012-10-04)
        
- Refactored data label alignment logic for better maintainabilit. #1168. #1212.
- Worked around label positioning problem in IE9 and IE10. #1101.
- Worked around Safari 6 bug causing disappearing pie slices. #1208.
- Use point.name in the tooltip header even on datetime axis. #976.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed gauge series data labels after regression testing.
- Fixed issue with yAxis labels with a minus prefix being wrapped into two lines. #1273.
- Fixed JS errors on continuously destroying charts in window.resize. #1257.
- Fixed orphaned marker after Point.update to null. #1269.
- Fixed issue with text wrapping and bounding boxes in Android 2. #1140.
- Fixed wrong positions of polar column chart data labels. #1199.
- Fixed error in VML browsers when redrawing a chart with an image background. #1245.
- Fixed issue with shadow.offsetX and shadow.offsetY set to 0 being replaced by 1. #1224.
- Fixed text rotation with useHTML in Firefox 15. #916.
- Fixed issue with tooltip spilling out to the left in inverted chart. #1231.
- Fixed issue with null points in stacked columns on a logarithmic scale. #1232.
- Fixed issue with colors and borderWidth not being applied to individual dials in gauges.
- Fixed JavaScript errors in Firefox 3.6 when displaying the tooltip. #1236.
- Fixed floating number errors in stack totals. #1223.
- Fixed issue in 2.3 with the sizing of linked axes. #84.
- Fixed issue with span styles not being applied across line breaks in SVGRenderer. #390.
- Fixed issue with series marker options not being reflected in the legend symbol. #674.