# Changelog for Highcharts v3.0.10 (2014-03-10)
        
- Improved performance by 35% in our benchmark suite.
- Added new option, [plotOptions.gauge.overshoot](http://api.highcharts.com/#plotOptions.gauge.overshoot), that takes a value in degrees for how much the dial should overshoot when the value is off the chart.
- Added smarter logic to `Series.setData`, where instead of re-creating all the data points, existing points are updated. This allows animation, performs faster and is less prone to memory issues.
- Added option, [yAxis.reversedStacks](http://api.highcharts.com/#yAxis.reversedStacks), to choose whether to stack from the top down or from the bottom of the stack and up.
- Added support for drilldown on multi-series column charts. Closes #2604.
- Added 'pyramid' type of series.
- Added 'reversed' option to funnel series.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #2755 where attributes in pseudo-HTML were applied outside elements.
- Fixed #2753 which caused errors and broken behaviour on drilldown containing null points.
- Fixed #2770 where data labels on error bars were not displayed.
- Fixed #2681 where the Pointer object leaked memory after `Chart.destroy`.
- Fixed #2763 where series on log axes would disappear alltogether when the axis became too short.
- Fixed #2760 where the `ignoreHiddenSeries` setting had no effect on bubble sizes.
- Fixed issue with `Chart.setTitle` not causing the chart to redraw to adapt to changed size of the title. Closes #2719. Closes #2744.
- Fixed #2738 where legend navigation would add one page too many when the last page had two items.
- Fixed #2722 where pie slice data label connectors would have the wrong Z index after hiding and showing the slice.
- Made `chart.style` option take effect on chart instances, not only globally. Closes #2723.
- Fixed #2713 where series connected to a dynamically added X axis would fail.
- Fixed issue with horizontal axis labels being clipped instead of justified into chart area. Closes #2703.
- Fixed #2700 causing data labels to not render inside columns if the actual value of the column was cropped.
- Fixed #2693 with drilling up from drilldown caused interference between charts.
- Added sparkline demo.
- Fixed memory leaks in IE11 due to implementation of touch support. Closes #2691.
- Export server: Fixed jar location lookup on Windows, closes #2869.
- Fixed issue with disappearing bar chart data labels in certain chart widths. Closes #2683.
- Fixed issue with `showLoading` not displaying in IE9. Closes #2686.
- Fixed issue with `Axis.update` not removing all associated series. Closes #2687.
- Fixed failure in updating stacking from percent to normal. Closes #2682.
- Fixed issue with misalignment of rotated axis labels with useHTML in IE11. Closes #2684.
- Fixed issue with wrapping horizontal legends not taking the x option into account. Closes #2680.
- Fixed issue with JS errors on hovering chart when running IE11 in combination with the Standalone Framework. Closes #2672.
- Fixed issue with wrong rotation of polar charts when X axis was reversed. Closes #2570.
- Fixed issue with tooltip position and hover point on polar chart where `startAngle` was < 0. Closes #2665.
- Fixed issue with empty tooltip boxes visible in tall pages in IE10.
- Fixed issue with `showLoading` not working in Standalone Framework. Closes #2653.
- Fixed issues with pie slices and data labels remaining visible after hiding the pie series itself. Closes #2315. Closes #2656.
- Fixed issue with automatic line height on labels with `em` font sizes. Closes #2651.
- Fixed issue in 3.0.9 where wrong vertical axis labels would be skipped when they were of varying height. Closes #2642.
- Provided reasonable default column width and group width for column charts with only one X value when minRange was set. Closes #2610.
- Fixed issue with too many pages in the legend when using legend navigation. Closes #2617.
- Fixed unexpected effects of zooming outside the data range. Closes #1734.
- Fixed issue with line graphs not being vertically centered when there was only one value which exceeded the upper limit of 44bit values. Closes #2619.
- Worked around Firefox 26 drawing issue where legend items would not redraw after resizing the chart. Closes #2580.
- Fixed issue with mispositioned data label on single pie slice with certain pie sizes, caused by JavaScript rounding error. Closes #2650.
- Fixed issue with text bounding boxes not being correctly computed when the chart was added to a container with `display:none !important`. Closes #2631.
- Fixed issue with gauge pane background color not taking effect on multiple panes, or respecting changes. Closes #2257. Closes #2649.
- Fixed error in Standalone Framework where calling destroy on an animating element would result in endless error messages. Caused errors when a chart was destroyed while fading out the tooltip. Closes #2616.
- Fixed pie chart issue with messed up data labels with certain combinations of start and end angle. Closes #2645.
- Fixed issue with pies ignoring endAngle when it was set to 0.
- Performance improvement for updating tick labels. Closes #2640.
- Fixed issue with tooltip header not displaying relevant time resolution when points where added at minute or hour resolution with a day between them. Closes #2637.
- Fixed issue with wrong bounding box detection of numeric texts when they were of number type instead of strings. Closes #2316.
- Fixed issue with JS errors and failing to activate charts in pages that are saved to disk from the browser. Closes #2609.
- Fixed issue with `followPointer` not working correctly for line charts.
- Fixed issue with numerical legend items crashing chart when navigation was enabled. Removed unsafe internal use of elemWrapper.bBox, used elemWrapper.getBBox() instead. Closes #2605.
- Fixed regression with pie slice hover color becoming increasingly brightened after repeated redraws. Closes #1619.
- Fixed issue with positioning of markers in oldIE in inverted charts. Closes #1111.
- Fixed oldIE issue with box plots and error bars not showing in inverted charts. Closed #1680. Closed #1806.
- Fixed missing stack percentage in normal stacks. Closes #2551.
- Fixed issue in Standalone Framework with getting the right mouse position inside a scrollable div. Closes #2205.
- Fixed JS error on hovering over a chart after running Chart.setData without redrawing. Closes #2594.
- Fixed issue with tooltip position if data is NaN.