# Changelog for Highcharts v3.0.5 (2013-08-23)
        
- Added Standalone Framework for using Highcharts without jQuery, MooTools or Prototype.
- Added error message on adding too many ticks to an axis. Closes #2174.
- Implemented better sharpening logic for columns and bars. Closes #1188. Closes #2091.
- Improved axis line, plot line and grid line positioning so that a 2px line series along the X axis shows up as exactly 1 pixel, half inside and half outside the visible plot area. Closes #1687.
- Added error message on exceeding the turboThreshold. Closes #2107.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed issue with non-aligned axes after multiple setExtremes with internal redraws. Closes #2169.
- Fixed regression in IE8 where an error occured on fading out the tooltip in older jQuery versions. Closes #2161.
- Fixed issue with series.linkedTo not working when added in non-source order. Closes #2166.
- Fixed issue with missing textShadow on HTML datalabels.
- Fixed issue with tooltip not displaying on scatter points lying on the edge of the chart, when moving the mouse in from the outside. Removed limitation of only showing tooltips for points lying inside the plot area. Closes #2147.
- Fixed problem with tracking mouse movements on lines near the edge of the chart because the line tracker was not clipped. Clipped the tracker and added tracking to the marker group also. Closes #1894.
- Fixed regression with stacked columns on a log axis not displaying. Closes #2104.
- Fixed issue on older Chrome versions on mobile where pinch zooming was broken. Closes #2143.
- Fixed regression with log X axis affecting the calculated data extremes. Closes #2117.
- Fixed issue with point markers not being updated from Point.update method. Closes #2130.
- Fixed regression that appeared when fixing #2005, where tooltips didn't display in IE8 after scrolling down a page. Closes #2129.
- Fixed issue with area stacks containing negative values. The stacks are now treated differently between columns and areas. In column stacks, negative points always extend from the trheshold and down. For area stacks however this is counterintuitive. Instead, negative points are substracted from the stack. Closes #1910.
- Fixed regression where a pie slice with value zero would show up as a quarter of a circle. Closes #2103.
- Fixed hanging browser on pie charts where all values were 0 or null.