# Changelog for Highcharts v3.0.2 (2013-06-05)
        
- Added stackLabels.format option analogous to dataLabels.format. Closes #1837.
- Added localized number formatting to data labels. Related to #1637.
- Removed php-phantomjs, this will not be supported any longer.
- Partially fixed issue with blurred legend contents in PDF export. Issue #1782.
- Don't neglect sum points in positive bar calculations, issue #1653.

## Bug fixes
- Fix a bug related to updating existing StackItem instead of creating a new one after calling Point.update().
- Fixed error on exporting from IE8.
- Fixed handling of connectNulls on area range series so that null values in either low or high positions are also connected. This allows filling the area between lines with different X values. Closes #1404.
- Adding ability to define pointPlacement numerically.
- Fixed JS error on certain operations with jQuery 1.10. Closes #1881.
- Fixed regression with exporting.chartOptions not taking effect. Closes #1759.
- Fixed issue with setting medianWidth, stemWidth or whiskerWidth to 0 on box plots and error plots. Closes #1833.
- Fixed issue with errors on running point click event after the same point was destroyed from a series click event. Closes #1844.
- Fixed issue with stacks and series.index option. Closes #1722. Closes #1689.
- Fixed JS error on touching pie charts in iOS Safari. Closes #1861.
- Fixed touch zooming and panning problems from Highcharts 3.0.1. Closes #1860.
- Fixed JS error on iPad with disabled tooltip. Closes #1857.
- Fixed issue with pie slice not reverting to original position after slicing when animation is disabled. Closes #1767. Closes #1846.
- Fixed issue with last marker missing in certain withs of dual axis charts. Closes #1858.
- Fixed issue with error on custom exporting buttons containing no symbol. Closes #1822.
- Fixed issue in MooTools and Prototype adapters when used with highcharts-more.js. Closes #1834.
- Fixed issue with mispositioned pies in inverted charts after resizing. Closes #1795.
- Fixed pointer to error message for wrong axis binding. Closes #1800.
- Fixed issue with pie wrong chart data label connectors disappearing when hiding slice. Closes #1810.
- Fixed issue with wrong min and max in selection events on categorized axis. Closes #1207.
- Fix a bug when stacks wasn't updated after extremes change.
- Fixed issue with plot background image not being used in exported images. Closes #1765.
- Fixed issue with higher ranks X axis labels not being applied to the last label. Closes #1760. Related to #1649.
- Fixed exception after destroying a chart while the tooltip is still visible. Closes #1728.
- Fixed missing tooltips on flags when data grouping was disabled. Closes #1730.
- Fixed issue with missing text decoration on data labels in export. Closes #1729.
- Fix error related to waterfall positive bar starting at negative value, close #1653 and #1732.
- Fixed JS error when a pie series is present in an inverted chart. Closes #1736.
- Fixed issue with click events not being fired unless the mouse hasn't moved a pixel.
- Fixed JS error issue in bubble charts when first series is hidden. Closes #1737.
- Fixed issue with wrong sized bubbles when one series contains no points. Closes #1735.
- Fixed IE8 issue with mislocated bubbles after hiding and showing a series.
- Fixed issue with the smallest bubbles in a bubble chart occasionally disappearing. Closes #1710.
- Fixed issue with missing markers on negative points when explicit color was set. Closes #1702.
- Fixed issue with toolip appearing in printed chart when tooltip.shared was enabled. Closes #1707.
- Fixed issue with chart axes and chart options getting out of sync on Axis.remove. Closes #1706.
- Fixed issue with wrong tooltip date header format on single points. Related to #568.
- Fixed issue with negativeColor not taking effect on area and similiar series types when lineWidth is 0. Closes #1705.
- Fixed issue with null higher value in area range plots being interpreted as 0. Closes #1703.