# Changelog for Highcharts v4.1.7 (2015-06-26)
        
- Added new option, drilldown.allowPointDrilldown, that can be set to false to allow only drilling to categories. Closes #4295.
- Added support for useHTML in legend navigation.
- Added useHTML option to no-data-to-display module. Closes #4316.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #2911, JS error when drilldown and allowPointSelect were enabled at the same time.
- Fixed #3318, gauge background altered background on polar charts in the same page.
- Fixed #3650, updating a point from zero in 3d pies.
- Fixed #3709, crash when showing/hiding linked series and setting data at the same time.
- Fixed #3941, added option to turn off axis label ellipsis through text-overflow style.
- Fixed #4130, errors when running Series.update from the series' own events.
- Fixed #4170, halo was still visible after hiding pie slice.
- Fixed #4233, columns and areas ascended from botton when threshold was null and all values negative. Closed #4282.
- Fixed #4275, when null points were present inside an axis break, connectNulls: false did not have an effect.
- Fixed #4280, 3D for inverted charts was disabled.
- Fixed #4284, a regression causing columns to disappear after Point.update with an object argument.
- Fixed #4291, number suffixes like k and M was applied to non-round tick labels.
- Fixed #4301, point update on solid gauge gave wrong animation.
- Fixed #4308, graphs were clipped to axis line even when it was offset.
- Fixed #4309, JS error in Firefox when rendering chart inside an iframe with display:none.
- Fixed #4310, point hovering was unstable when stickyTracking was false and point markers disabled in normal state.
- Fixed #4318, ignoreHiddenPoint didn't take effect for funnels.
- Fixed #4319, tooltip was broken on canvas heatmap demo.
- Fixed bad translation from broken axis pixels to values. Part of #4229.
- Fixed issue with Batik powered exporting and IE8. Invalid SVG tag.