# Changelog for Highcharts v4.1.2 (2015-02-27)
        
- Added new option to tree maps: interactByLeaf.
- Added new dataLabel option, shape, in order to allow callouts and connectors on data labels.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #3567, Safari failed at exporting charts with images.
- Fixed #3898, zones incorrectly applied if outside axis range.
- Fixed #3895, JS error when setting element title to a non-string value.
- Fixed #3886, wrong rendering of waterfall with a non-zero Y axis minimum.
- Fixed #3873, series.points array order was modified when building the k-d tree.
- Fixed #3866, data labels not re-appearing in remaining series after hiding another series.
- Fixed #3875, eternal loop and crash in Chrome when using minorTickInterval on an axis with very close data points.
- Fixed #3842 and #3872, data labels with text shadow are mispositioned in Firefox and modern IE.
- Fixed #3849, duplicated text on data labels in export. Closes #3864.
- Fixed #3868, setData broke tooltip.
- Fixed issue with tooltip not hiding after hiding a series from a floating legend.
- Hide tooltip on mouse leaving the plot area, also when a hoverSeries is not defined.
- Fixed #3860, a regression causing onMouseOver event not to work on line series.
- Fixed #3856, shared tooltip in polar charts.
- Fixed #3863, pointer with data grouping and addSeries.
- Fixed #3844, colorByPoint not working on tree maps.
- Fixed #2202, chartOptions.xAxis options not added in export.
- Fixed #3852, a regression causing logarithmic axis on gauges to fail.
- Fixed #3845, problems with addPoint on 3D pies.
- Fixed #3841, 3d column layering issue.
- Fixed #3793, charts with huge numbers fail at Number.toFixed.
- Fixed #3841, issue with multiple columns in 3d.
- Fixed #3830, point names in category axis were lost after Axis.update.
- Fixed #3836, a regression causing plot band labels to always be visible.
- Fixed #3840, isIntermediateSum miscalculation.
- Fixed drilldown issue with labels having both drilldown and static points.
- Fixed #3839, a regression causing columns not to be clipped while animating in.
- Fixed #3837, too aggressive data label collision detection in heat maps.
- Fixed #3834, crosshair drawn incorrectly on dynamically added yAxes.
- Fixed #3806, JS errors on clicking on non-drillable axis label after drilldown.