# Changelog for Highcharts v4.2.5 (2016-05-06)
        
- Added new option, [exporting.printMaxWidth](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#exporting.printMaxWidth), to prevent printed charts cut off on the right side. Closes #2088.
- Added new option, [title.widthAdjust](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#title.widthAdjust) and sub[title.widthAdjust](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#title.widthAdjust), to prevent titles from flowing over elements.
- Added support for JPEG in offline download module, ref #5157.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #3070, `verticalAlign` didn't work with rotated data labels on column series.
- Fixed #4087, error 11 was not described on the website.
- Fixed #4670, zones colors were not applied for markers on hover.
- Fixed #5211, `titleSetter` in combination with `buildText` added duplicate content to the title.
- Fixed #5220, a regression causing JS error when resizing polar charts.
- Fixed #5221, support for `minPointLength` in xrange study.
- Fixed #5226, polar chart with no data failed with error.
- Fixed #5228, `scroller.getUnionExtremes` did not consider navigation axis min and max.
- Fixed #5230, a horizontal and opposite axis used to have wrong alignment for its title.
- Fixed #5234, x value of null cancelled rendering of all points.
- Fixed #5236, last point was not always visible due to rounding errors.
- Fixed #5237, inverted should not have an effect on polar charts.
- Fixed #5250, columns were not visible in IE10.
- Fixed #5254, data labels were not aligned to the point box in heatmaps.
- Fixed #5259, crosshair prevented point hover when drawn above points.
- Fixed #5261, break at the end of a label caused wrong bounding box.
- Fixed #5266, `pinchDown` was sometimes empty on Android.
- Fixed #5269, crosshairs on wrong point with multiple series and non-shared tooltip.
- Fixed #5274, `dataLabels.overflow` not always respected on heatmaps.
- Fixed issue in the xrange study with axis extremes when there were other, more extended series in the same chart.