# Changelog for Highcharts v5.0.10 (2017-03-31)
        
- Added `!default` statement to SASS variables for easier configuration. Closes #6436.
- Added new option, [plotOptions.column.crisp, to allow disabling crisp columns and subsequent rendering issues with densely packed items. Closes](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/plotOptions.column.crisp) #5755
- Added new option, [findNearestPointBy](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/plotOptions.series.findNearestPointBy) to declare how the tooltip searches for points. #6231.
- Refactored the Pane object to keep track of its own backgrounds, more decoupled from Axis.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #3481, title and subtitle were not resizing chart correctly when using useHTML on true.
- Fixed #3936, `colorAxis` was not updated through `chart.update`.
- Fixed #4964, missing plotband when small range.
- Fixed #6007, exporting after `chart.update()` threw errors.
- Fixed #6144, empty categories caused wrong render of tooltip.
- Fixed #6191, dead clip path references.
- Fixed #6203, yAxis extremes were wrong calculated for visible scatter points.
- Fixed #6258, text labels with ellipsis had inconsistent behavior.
- Fixed #6279, error when hiding series of line polar using data module.
- Fixed #6359, softMin/softMax didn't work in combination with floor/ceiling.
- Fixed #6430, areasplinerange polar curve path was wrongly rendered.
- Fixed #6431, addition to #6476, stickyTracking should default to true when there is a shared tooltip.
- Fixed #6433, updating Axis with plotBands rendered redundant nodes.
- Fixed #6437, 3D pie chart disappeared when drilling down after resize.
- Fixed #6444, exporting the second time failed with axis extremes.
- Fixed #6449, series with noSharedTooltip was inaccessible with shared tooltip.
- Fixed #6452, `chart.update` was not redrawing axes when setting alignTicks to false.
- Fixed #6456, tooltip didn't show on hovering outside candlestick and OHLC series.
- Fixed #6458, named color deduction was case sensitive.
- Fixed #6459, colors of boxplot series points would not update.
- Fixed #6463, missing closing sign in RegEx caused wrong handling of pseudo attributes.
- Fixed #6465, first data label in polar charts was not visible.
- Fixed #6469, series got lost when mixing category data in a dual axis chart.
- Fixed #6470, exporting failed in IE8 when data labels were enabled.
- Fixed #6473, wrong text wrapping with `textOutline: none`.
- Fixed #6474, custom CSS property was injected into the DOM. Added to blacklist.
- Fixed #6474, text outlines were not properly cleaned up on resizing.
- Fixed #6476, shared tooltip with disabled stickyTracking did not work.
- Fixed #6477, regression on crosshairs with snap in a bubble chart.
- Fixed #6479, responsive rules didn't apply to panes.
- Fixed #6481, offline export of pie charts to PDF not working in Firefox and Safari.
- Fixed #6487, contrast color was not applied for a justified label on a column.
- Fixed #6497, horizontal legend layout didn't respect spacing setting.
- Fixed #6499, offline export fails with allowHTML despite no HTML in chart.
- Fixed #6502, missing chart series and axis in combined logarithmic chart.
- Fixed #6518, wrong marker positions when hovering after redrawing in boost module.
- Fixed #6519, empty space caused overlapping in legend.
- Fixed #6521, missing label for narrow plot band.
- Fixed #6089, chart.update not taking effect on panes. Also closes #6438.