# Changelog for Highcharts v5.0.12 (2017-05-24)
        
- Added core support for color animation.
- Added error message on trying to define the same series type twice. Fixes #6686.
- Let `Series.update` fall back to the optimized `Series.setData` if only the data is updated.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #223, pie chart data labels were not truncated to chart area when pie size was explicitly set.
- Fixed #3160, let the `xAxis.offset` option modify the clip area to avoid clipping line graphs.
- Fixed #4588, loading and "no data" labels overlapped.
- Fixed #4921, `ignoreHiddenSeries` caused wrong column position and width after hiding and showing all series.
- Fixed #6307, offline export issues with styled mode in IE and Edge.
- Fixed #6517, regression with shared tooltip and columns. Tooltip not following mouse move.
- Fixed #6659, long series name in legend broke the geometry of the chart. Added `textOverflow` and max width to default `itemStyle`.
- Fixed #6659, long series names made tooltip overflow the chart.
- Fixed #6664, no-data label remained in heat maps after adding points.
- Fixed #6670, `visible: false` didn't work correctly on funnel chart points.
- Fixed #6687, wrong hover points with columns and shared tooltip.
- Fixed #6700, axis label font size wrongly detected in styled mode.
- Fixed #6704, series names were not grouped for two series after drilldown.
- Fixed #6705, bubble chart click events and point select was broken.
- Fixed #6706, crash with heatmap and boost-canvas.
- Fixed #6721, area range fill was broken with null values and connectNulls: true.
- Fixed #6731, category axis allowed zooming outside range.
- Fixed AT announcing clickable for some a11y demos.
- Fixed Firefox issue with styled export, ref #6307.
- Fixed bug with inserting multiple data tables in export-data.
- Fixed issue where chart container height was not respected when initially hidden. See #6693.
- Fixed issue with data labels not appearing on exported charts in styled mode.
- Fixed issue with missing gridLines in 3D.
- Fixed issue with mouseOver event in column chart with shared tooltip.