# Changelog for Highcharts v6.1.4 (2018-09-25)

- Better polyfill for `forEach` in oldIE. See #8865.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #2165, [legend.labelFormatter](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/legend.labelFormatter) was not called when series' visiblity changed.
- Fixed #3495, export menu click was wrongly triggering chart's click event.
- Fixed #3739, changed rounding method to Math.foor for milliseconds dateFormat to match other date and time formats.
- Fixed #5009, performance problem with long text strings and word-wrap.
- Fixed #6405, Highcharts crashed when using category axis, small `labels.step` option and a large data range. Re-introduced error 19.
- Fixed #7484, `followTouchMove` didn't work properly on column series on mobile.
- Fixed #7815, data labels were visible even when points were hidden.
- Fixed #8652, replace max/min safe integer with max/min value in wordcloud to support IE11.
- Fixed #8865, wrong links in sankey chart if the columns didn't start from 0.
- Fixed #8874 and #8346, `Highcharts.indexOfPolyfill` wasn't supporting all required arguments.
- Fixed #8901, bubble chart calculated wrong extremes when either [xAxis.min](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/xAxis.min) or [xAxis.max](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/xAxis.max) was set.
- Fixed #8933, `minPointLength` squished all ranges to minimum length when xAxis was reversed.
- Fixed #8960, animation didn't run on `Series.update()` with new data.
- Fixed #8972, improved a way of assigning data to specific bins in histograms.
- Fixed #8994, a regression causing cropped legend items to become long after hover when useHTML was true. Regression since #8809.
- Fixed #8995, added support for duplicated x values for Series.setData.
- Fixed issue with tooltip header placement when scrollable plot area was activated.
