# Changelog for Highcharts Dashboards v1.0.2 (2023-08-10)

- Replaced blocklist with allowlist in columnAssignment option.
- RangeModifier will now intersect the results of multiple ranges by default. Use the `additive` option to concatenate results of multiple ranges.
- Implemented visibility sync handler.
- Implemented disabling of editing of the columns, which are created by Math Modifier.
- Added user-defined `redraw` event for dashboard components.
- Added `getOptions()` method that returns config of dashboard.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed whitespaces not being removed from names when using CSVConnector with `firstRowAsNames` enabled.
- Fixed bug with disabling toolbars for cell or row.
- Fixed insufficient waiting for loading connectors on second request.
- Fixed missing reference to DOM element in the dataGrid, after dragging a point.
- Fixed, added TextOptions to documentation, changed `gui.enabled` as optional.
- Fixed, the data grid did not resize cells properly.
- Improved TypeScript-support of Dashboards.
- Fixed, sync was not preserved when the component updated its connector.
- Path to icons has changed to `./gfx/dashboards-icons/`.
- Fixed problem in `dataGrid ` with visible unnecessary scrollbars on Windows.
- Fixed links in the API that were pointing to not existing URL's.
- Fixed, the `DataGrid` component was not rendered when data was fetched though the **csvURL**.
- Improved TypeScript declarations to support classic bundles (minified and as source).
- Fixed some URL's and indentation error in the *.md files.
