# Changelog for Highcharts Grid v2.2.0 (2026-01-13)

- **Grid:** Enhanced CSS to allow theming of individual columns, cells etc. and added new hover opacity variables.
- **Grid:** Added multi‑column sorting for Grid, including Shift‑click additive sorting.
- **Grid Pro:** Added `arrayNumber`, `json` and `sparlinke` validators.
- **Grid:** Improved Grid virtualization performance by reusing row elements, batching scroll updates to animation.
- **Grid:** Added Grid screen reader region before and after elements.
- **Grid:** Supported array of indices for the `dataTable` `deleteRows` method.
- **Grid:** Deprecated `sorting.sortable` and replaced with `sorting.enabled` in Grid column options for consistency with other Grid options.
- **Grid:** Optimized Grid by using fewer event listeners on cells.

## Upgrade notes
- The `sorting.sortable` option has been deprecated. Use `sorting.enabled` instead to enable or disable sorting on columns.

## Bug fixes
- **Grid:** Fixed [#24002](https://github.com/highcharts/highcharts/issues/24002), header rendering issue when shown after being initialized hidden.
- **Grid:** Reduced the type dependency tree from Core so it's not needed anymore to use `"skipLibCheck": false` when using the library in typescript environment.
- **Grid:** The afterRender events was not triggered when grid rerender.
- **Grid:** Fixed missing width update in columnDefaults.
- **Grid:** Fixed the wrong Grid height on specific parent container styles (flexbox, `max-height`).
- **Grid:** Use lang options (`decimalPoint` and `thousandsSep`) for formatting the number in cells.
- **Grid:** Unified format and formatter header references to column.
