# Changelog for Highcharts Grid v2.3.0 (DATE YET TO BE DECIDED)

- **Grid:** Changed Grid data API so serialized input is provided through `data.columns`, while `data.dataTable` is used for `DataTable` instances.
- **Grid:** Added `idColumn` option to use a column's values as stable row IDs instead of numeric indices.
- **Grid:** Added `columns[].style`, `columns[].cells.style`, and `columns[].header.style` to apply dynamic or static inline styles.
- **Grid:** Added configurable sorting toggle sequence via `sorting.orderSequence`.
- **Grid:** Added support for overriding and extending Grid SVG icons through `rendering.icons`.
- **Grid:** Modularized and cleaned up CSS to allow for fully functional Grid with no theming variables.
- **Grid:** Optimized refreshing rows, the number of which differs before and after the update.
- **Grid:** Added `LocalDataProvider` support for Data Connectors (single table).
- **Grid:** Introduced `DataProvider` as a new data layer between the Grid and its data source, enabling custom providers beyond the default in-memory `LocalDataProvider` (using `DataTable`).
- **Grid:** Added htmlTag option to the Grid caption.
- **Grid:** Added alignment api to pagination.
- **Grid:** Added `responsive.rules` option so it's possible to define different options for different container sizes.
- **Grid:** Added `'auto'` column width support.

## Bug fixes
- **Grid:** Fixed missing header click event on sorting icon.
- **Grid:** Fixed string typing in formatter.
- **Grid:** Fixed column resizing with virtual rows leaving some grid rows at old column widths.
- **Grid:** Support scrolling in Grid when larger than max element height.
- **Grid Pro:** Fixed row height change on edit.
- **Grid:** Fixed an issue where updating grid column width to `auto` or `undefined` had no effect.
- **Grid:** Fixed missed id in table html element.
- **Grid:** Fixed issue with crashing header formatter.
