# Changelog for Highstock v1.2.3 (2012-10-04)
        
- Refactored data label alignment logic for better maintainability. #1168. #1212.
- Worked around label positioning problem in IE9 and IE10. #1101.
- Highstock: Fixed buggy navigator when point distribution is smaller than minRange. #1056.
- Use point.name in the tooltip header even on datetime axis. #976.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed JS error on moving reset button in Highstock. #1278.
- Fixed issue with yAxis labels with a minus prefix being wrapped into two lines. #1273.
- Fixed JS errors on continuously destroying charts in window.resize. #1257.
- Fixed JS error message in Highstock when destroying a chart after zoom. #1267.
- Fixed regression with plotOptions.series.dataGrouping not being respected since Highstock 1.2. #1228.
- Fixed error in VML browsers when redrawing a chart with an image background. #1245.
- Fixed issue with shadow.offsetX and shadow.offsetY set to 0 being replaced by 1. #1224.
- Fixed text rotation with useHTML in Firefox 15. #916.
- Fixed issue with null points in stacked columns on a logarithmic scale. #1232.
- Fixed JavaScript errors in Firefox 3.6 when displaying the tooltip. #1236.
- Fixed floating number errors in stack totals. #1223.
- Fixed issue in 2.3 with the sizing of linked axes. #84.
- Fixed issue with span styles not being applied across line breaks in SVGRenderer. #390.
- Fixed JS error on rendering a Highstock chart with an empty series array.
- Fixed Highstock issue where the reset zoom button would not show when the navigator and rangeSelector were hidden, and the scrollbar was visible. Related to #979.
- Fixed issue with stacks becoming inverted after update, caused by recursive redrawing. #1119.
- Fixed issue with tooltip animation timer running constantly instead of only when the tooltip is moving.
- Fixed issue with series marker options not being reflected in the legend symbol. #674.