# Changelog for Highstock v1.3.3 (2013-07-31)
        
- Most issues listed under Highcharts 3.0.3 above also apply to Highstock 1.3.3.
- Implemented shadow option for candlesticks. Closes #1955.
- Reorganized and improved link between scroller and its data. It now allows the base series to be added async. Related to #624.
- New default value for scroller.liveRedraw to prevent redrawing the chart while scrolling the navigator on slower mobile devices. Closes #1926.
- Added new Highstock option, rangeSelector.inputDateParser.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed #2068 where Highstock export failed with navigator disabled specifically for the export.
- Fixed JS errors in Highstock when resizing a window after a chart's container is hidden. Closes #1998.
- Fixed error message in Highstock. Closes #872.
- Fixed Highstock issue with range selector button becoming unselected when updating data. Closes #690.
- Fixed Highstock issue with range selector buttons not responding to hover in IE9 and IE10. Closes #667.
- Fixed Highstock issue with columns in different panes reserving space for eachother. Stack groups are now tied to the Y axis. Closes #642.
- Fixed Highstock issue where panning fully to the right didn't dock the zoomed area. Made the sticking more tolerant. Closes #570.
- Fixed crosshairs position when series.compare is set. Closes #1205.
- Fixed Highstock issue with long series being grouped and short series not being grouped. Closes #1634.
- Fixed Highstock issue with navigator handles disappearing when zooming on hidden data set. Closes #1946.
- Fixed Highstock issue with gapSize and switching from ordinal to non-ordinal axis. Closes #1794.
- Fixed issue with dynamically added events being removed from axis after Axis.update. In Highstock, this caused the scrollbar not to be updated to base axis zooming after running setCategories. Closes #1842.
- Fixed issue with running setCompare when the compare option was initially unset. The setCompare method now also works on the Navigator yAxis. Closes #1891.
- Fixed Highstock issue on touch devices where pinch zooming a chart with multiple panes would result in the lower pane moving up to the top of the chart. Closes #1701.
- Fixed "Invalid date" appearing in range selector input when opening date was 0. Related to #1878.
- Fixed Highstock issue with changeDecimals of 0 not taking effect. Closes #1904.
- Fixed issue with extra lines in the middle of candlesticks when open values are equal to high values. Closes #460.
- Fixed Highstock issue with JavaScript errors and disappearing charts on scrollbar click when there is only one point present in the chart. Closes #1851.